# Problem

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Title** | Pointer to **string** | A short summary of the problem type. Written in English and readable for engineers, usually not suited for non technical stakeholders and not localized.  | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to **int32** | The HTTP status code generated by the origin server for this occurrence of the problem.  | [optional] 
**Detail** | Pointer to **string** | A human readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem that is helpful to locate the problem and give advice on how to proceed. Written in English and readable for engineers, usually not suited for non technical stakeholders and not localized.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewProblem

`func NewProblem() *Problem`

NewProblem instantiates a new Problem object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewProblemWithDefaults

`func NewProblemWithDefaults() *Problem`

NewProblemWithDefaults instantiates a new Problem object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetTitle

`func (o *Problem) GetTitle() string`

GetTitle returns the Title field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTitleOk

`func (o *Problem) GetTitleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTitleOk returns a tuple with the Title field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTitle

`func (o *Problem) SetTitle(v string)`

SetTitle sets Title field to given value.

### HasTitle

`func (o *Problem) HasTitle() bool`

HasTitle returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *Problem) GetStatus() int32`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *Problem) GetStatusOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *Problem) SetStatus(v int32)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *Problem) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDetail

`func (o *Problem) GetDetail() string`

GetDetail returns the Detail field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDetailOk

`func (o *Problem) GetDetailOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDetailOk returns a tuple with the Detail field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDetail

`func (o *Problem) SetDetail(v string)`

SetDetail sets Detail field to given value.

### HasDetail

`func (o *Problem) HasDetail() bool`

HasDetail returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


